

IXL Learning, developer of personalized learning products used by millions of people globally, is seeking Software Engineer Interns who have a passion for technology and education. The IXL Engineering team is responsible for designing and creating the code that powers our amazing products. 

As a Software Engineer Intern, you’ll be involved in all aspects of the development process – including design, coding, testing, debugging, and tuning. We find it immensely satisfying to develop products that impact the lives of millions, and we are eager to have you join our team.

This is a full-time summer position in our San Mateo, CA headquarters office.
TECHNOLOGY

The technologies that we use include Linux, Apache, Python, Java, JavaScript, React, Redux, Swift, Kotlin, Sass, Highcharts, Git, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, Redis, Kafka, and AWS.
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR

    Students in their third year of undergrad or students pursuing an advanced degree in Computer Science or a related discipline 
    A solid grasp of general programming principles
    Excellent programming skills in Java or other object-oriented language
    Strong analytical-reasoning and problem-solving skills
    Ability to work both independently and in a wide variety of teams
    Knowledge of Java, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, source control is a plus
    Passion for improving education through technology

The pay rate for this position is $29-$46 per hour.
ABOUT IXL LEARNING

IXL Learning is the country's largest EdTech company. We reach millions of learners through our diverse range of products. For example:

    1 in 4 students in the United States uses IXL.com
    Rosetta Stone provides an immersive learning experience for 25 languages
    Wyzant is the nation's largest community of tutors, covering 300+ subjects
    Teachers Pay Teachers (TPT) is a comprehensive marketplace for millions of educator-created resources

Our mission is to create innovative products that will make a real, positive difference for learners and educators and we're looking for passionate, mission-minded people to join us in achieving this goal. We have a unique culture at IXL that fosters collaboration and the open exchange of ideas. We value our team and treat one another with kindness and respect. We approach our work with passion, tenacity, and authenticity. We find it immensely satisfying to develop products that impact the lives of millions and we are eager to have you join our team.

